Founder of Silver Lining-

My birth father died when I was 7 months old, and my birth mother struggled to mental illness and it wasn't properly diagnosed;so at times she did a good job taking care of me and then at other times she couldn’t take care of herself. 
I went to foster care when I was 4 to 5 years old, and I was adopted when I was 9 year old. I wasbreally fortunate that I had a lot of love and support from a lot of family and friends
When I started the organization, with the biggest goal that people like that can be successful are successful. 


We know the mentees thrive when they know they matter to someone , it’s important to know that having someone there who is not being paid to be there. To know how important they are. We also know the mentors thrive when they know they matter to young person; that they brings great purpose and joy.


Tara- Depressed, on the street, not being productive, or anything things like that. Everytime when I walk in here I just feel nothing can go wrong, and you get to meet different types of people that you probably wouldn’t run into in street, or something like that, so I definitely feel like home here. 
It always starts at one person a time, just go out and help somebody or coming here and realize, somebody does care about you, you don’t have to do bad thing to make thing work. 

Jesse- I moved around a lot growing up. There was never a time that I can be in one place long enough to build community or trust or relationship. They really care bout my future. I didn’t really set goal or anything, and now I going to start a job training, I am going to school. I am proud of myself like, I can do this you know. Being in the Silver Lining has changed my life- giving the support person that I need, I would love to be that for somebody else who honest has that. 


Fourth interviewee: I was always afraid that disaster would happen, an emergency would happen; when things went well for a while I would think something was probably gonna go bad.
And I'll make things work
